README.md, before:

## Analyzing a project
- [Greg Young: How to get productive in a project in 24 hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaLROwp-VDY)

## Business
Not strictly technical, but don't ignore the big picture why things (and your project) are being done.

- [Mary Poppendieck: The Cost Center Trap](http://www.leanessays.com/2017/11/the-cost-center-trap.html)

## Design
- [Rich Hickey: Simple Made Easy](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy)
- [Rich Hickey: Hammock Driven Development](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f84n5oFoZBc)
- [Rich Hickey: Design, Composition, and Performance](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/design-composition-performance-keynote)
- [Alvaro Videla: Programming as Translation](https://increment.com/internationalization/programming-as-translation/)
- [Scott Wlaschin: Domain Modeling Made Functional](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up7LcbGZFuo)

## Commits
- [Arialdo Martini: Preemptive commit comments](https://arialdomartini.wordpress.com/2012/09/03/pre-emptive-commit-comments/)
- [Dan Bergh Johnsson: Know your next commit](http://programmer.97things.oreilly.com/wiki/index.php/Know_Your_Next_Commit)

## Documentation
- [How to make a good changelog](https://keepachangelog.com)
- [Gregory Brown: An efficient approach to continuous documentation](https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/an-efficient-approach-to-continuous-documentation)
- [Architecture Decision Records](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture_decision_record)

## Feedback loops
- [Greg Young: Production lessons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urzK655T1sY)
- [SE-Radio Episode 280: Gerald Weinberg on Bugs Errors and Software Quality](http://www.se-radio.net/2017/01/se-radio-episode-280-gerald-weinberg-on-bugs-errors-and-software-quality/)
- [Greg Young: Stop Over-Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRr4xeMn1uU) Good tips on finding out what is really valuable to the business.

## Naming
- [Mathias Verraes: Sensible Interfaces](http://verraes.net/2013/09/sensible-interfaces/)

## Objects
- [Ted Neward: The Vietnam of Computer Science](http://blogs.tedneward.com/post/the-vietnam-of-computer-science)
- [Martin Fowler: Anemic Domain Model](https://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/AnemicDomainModel.html)

## Personal Development
- [Matt Briggs: The role of a Senior Developer](http://mattbriggs.net/blog/2015/06/01/the-role-of-a-senior-developer/)
- [Peter Norvig: Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years](http://norvig.com/21-days.html)
- [Randy Shoup: Attitude Determines Altitude: Engineering Yourself & Your Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1SpwCiRoPY)
- [Henrik Warne: Lessons Learned in Software Development](https://henrikwarne.com/2015/04/16/lessons-learned-in-software-development/)

## Quality (or lack of it)

- [Graham King: Facebook's Code Quality Problem](https://www.darkcoding.net/software/facebooks-code-quality-problem/)
- [Jonas Bandi: The Software Grief Cycle](http://blog.jonasbandi.net/2014/07/the-software-grief-cycle.html)

## Refactoring
- [Thomas Pierrain & Bruno Boucard: Distill the Core Domain from Your Legacy App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3DV9YDeA6Q)

## REST
- [REST was NEVER about CRUD](https://tyk.io/blog/rest-never-crud/)

## Scale
- [Lawrence Kesteloot: Norris Numbers](https://www.teamten.com/lawrence/writings/norris-numbers.html)

Commit message:

Adds article on fake Agile practices

README.md, after:

## Agile
 - [Sjoerd Nijland: The unmistakable signs you are participating in Fake Agile theater!](https://medium.com/serious-scrum/the-unmistakable-signs-you-are-participating-in-fake-agile-theater-a7d1bd6a5dbc)
## Analyzing a project
- [Greg Young: How to get productive in a project in 24 hours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaLROwp-VDY)

## Business
Not strictly technical, but don't ignore the big picture why things (and your project) are being done.

- [Mary Poppendieck: The Cost Center Trap](http://www.leanessays.com/2017/11/the-cost-center-trap.html)

## Design
- [Rich Hickey: Simple Made Easy](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy)
- [Rich Hickey: Hammock Driven Development](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f84n5oFoZBc)
- [Rich Hickey: Design, Composition, and Performance](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/design-composition-performance-keynote)
- [Alvaro Videla: Programming as Translation](https://increment.com/internationalization/programming-as-translation/)
- [Scott Wlaschin: Domain Modeling Made Functional](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up7LcbGZFuo)

## Commits
- [Arialdo Martini: Preemptive commit comments](https://arialdomartini.wordpress.com/2012/09/03/pre-emptive-commit-comments/)
- [Dan Bergh Johnsson: Know your next commit](http://programmer.97things.oreilly.com/wiki/index.php/Know_Your_Next_Commit)

## Documentation
- [How to make a good changelog](https://keepachangelog.com)
- [Gregory Brown: An efficient approach to continuous documentation](https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/an-efficient-approach-to-continuous-documentation)
- [Architecture Decision Records](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture_decision_record)

## Feedback loops
- [Greg Young: Production lessons](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urzK655T1sY)
- [SE-Radio Episode 280: Gerald Weinberg on Bugs Errors and Software Quality](http://www.se-radio.net/2017/01/se-radio-episode-280-gerald-weinberg-on-bugs-errors-and-software-quality/)
- [Greg Young: Stop Over-Engineering](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRr4xeMn1uU) Good tips on finding out what is really valuable to the business.

## Naming
- [Mathias Verraes: Sensible Interfaces](http://verraes.net/2013/09/sensible-interfaces/)

## Objects
- [Ted Neward: The Vietnam of Computer Science](http://blogs.tedneward.com/post/the-vietnam-of-computer-science)
- [Martin Fowler: Anemic Domain Model](https://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/AnemicDomainModel.html)

## Personal Development
- [Matt Briggs: The role of a Senior Developer](http://mattbriggs.net/blog/2015/06/01/the-role-of-a-senior-developer/)
- [Peter Norvig: Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years](http://norvig.com/21-days.html)
- [Randy Shoup: Attitude Determines Altitude: Engineering Yourself & Your Teams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1SpwCiRoPY)
- [Henrik Warne: Lessons Learned in Software Development](https://henrikwarne.com/2015/04/16/lessons-learned-in-software-development/)

## Quality (or lack of it)

- [Graham King: Facebook's Code Quality Problem](https://www.darkcoding.net/software/facebooks-code-quality-problem/)
- [Jonas Bandi: The Software Grief Cycle](http://blog.jonasbandi.net/2014/07/the-software-grief-cycle.html)

## Refactoring
- [Thomas Pierrain & Bruno Boucard: Distill the Core Domain from Your Legacy App](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3DV9YDeA6Q)

## REST
- [REST was NEVER about CRUD](https://tyk.io/blog/rest-never-crud/)

## Scale
- [Lawrence Kesteloot: Norris Numbers](https://www.teamten.com/lawrence/writings/norris-numbers.html)
